free guy is a comedy action movie that came out
in 2021 it follows guy a bank teller who discovers
he is actually a background player in an open
world game spoiler alert watch out and take care
the film opens in the world of free city a video
game where players can take part in action-packed
missions like spy jobs or bank robberies the
biggest players are the ones that wear sunglasses
as it gives them an advantage over other
characters among the many non-player characters
is guy a bank teller who enjoys his mundane and
routine lifestyle he works with his best friend
a security guard named buddy and they always
have to play the part of helpless bank employees
as they get robbed elsewhere in free city is a
sunglasses character called molotov girl who is
interrogating another player for information on an
artifact she is searching for afterward she walks
near guy and buddy as they walk home and guy hears
mariah carey's fantasy play as molotov girl walks
past him he comments on the song which surprises
her because she is used to hearing all the stock
phrases each non-player character has to say guy
becomes smitten and follows after her but is hit
by a train sending him back to his home to relive
everything however when he tries to change things
like his regular coffee order the other non-player
characters appear to get suspicious of guy as they
are programmed in certain behaviors and characters
when guy goes back to work the robbery takes place
but guy decides to do something different and
tries to acquire the sunglasses off of a robber
accidentally killing them with their own shotgun
even as the player in the real world tries to take
guy down he takes the sunglasses and leaves
the bank when he puts them on he sees various
parts of the game highlighted to show what they
are there for the bank for robbery mission for
example he finds that he can pick up health boxes
to fix himself up and he continues to literally
see the world through new eyes outside in the real
world soonami the company behind free city catches
wind of guys activities thinking is a hacker
who used a non-player character skin to take
down other players to employees walter and mouser
are going to the game as their avatars a stripper
cop and a pink rabbit to confront guy they chase
after him but he got limited edition sneakers that
provide him with high jumping skills guy tries
to escape them by grabbing onto a wrecking ball
but he misses and falls saving himself with a
bubble suit however walter and mauser find guy
and kill him thinking they have taken the hacker
out for good an interview is shown of walter
with millie rusk as they were the masterminds
behind free city before walter's current boss
antwan stole their code and bastardized the game
into his own thing to create a soulless franchise
millie visits walter and plans to get
evidence of antwan's crimes because she
knows that proof of their code is hidden in a
safe house inside the game which she is trying
to infiltrate while playing as molotov girl guy
later finds molotov girl outside the safe house
although he wants to join her in her mission
until the guards start shooting at them
using a portal gun they arrive elsewhere malatov
girl goes to her amory and tells guy he cannot
because he has a low level one to be exact
while molotov girl is at a higher level guy
then starts taking on missions with the glasses
and pulls off several heroic acts like returning
stolen money and pulling kids away from traffic to
boost his level players in real life take notice
in guy soon becomes a viral sensation called blue
shirt guy even appearing as an answer on jeopardy
guy tries to get buddy to join him after stealing
another pair of sunglasses from a bank robber
but buddy thinks it's too dangerous with walter's
help malatov girl makes attempt to get into the
safe house she grabs the proof clip and as
she heads back security alarm is triggered
making security guards start to attack her she
drops the clip and just as she is almost killed
guy crashes through on a motorcycle and helps her
fight off the villains before escaping on a hang
glider later on the two hang out and eat bubblegum
ice cream which both consider to be underrated at
the end of their date guy kisses molotov girl
which surprises millie meanwhile walter starts
to notice something unusual about the codes of
the non-player characters he brings the info to
millie reporting that the barista and the coffee
shop learn how to make a cappuccino through trial
and error while a blonde bombshell character wrote
a book on gender roles after she encountered guy
and was influenced to follow her own path this
proves that antwin stole walter at milla's code
because their idea for the game that turned into
free city would have had the non-player characters
grow and develop over time as they
adapt and that's what guy has been doing
he also warns millie that the current world of
free city will be lost once the sequel launches
antwen catches wind of guy and wants his employees
to keep guy on because of how popular he is
the company is set to launch free city 2 which
antwan wants out in two days time despite
not being fully coded and still glitchy and
he makes it worse by telling walter that the
game is not backward compatible with the first
game so most of the characters won't return for
the sequel milly goes back into the game to bring
guy to the central hub where other players gather
revealing to him that he is just a character in a
video game once the realization hits him guy goes
into a funk and loses his cheerful demeanor he
goes to buddy's house to talk to him about his
newfound existential crisis and buddy attempts to
cheer him up by assuring him that the moment they
are experiencing together is real but he joins
guy as he decides to help millie and get the clip
she wants the guard avatar is excited to meet god
as the player in the real world reacts to seeing
him he basically lets guy rob him and take what he
wants even asking god to kill him but god refuses
to do so he brings the clip to millie which is
the evidence she has been looking for guys no kill
demeanor catches on with players including
popular streamers like ninja and pokemane
however antwan starts to get pissed off and
thinks that guy will ruin sales for free city too
mouser suggests that he reboot the server in
the game guy and millie see the clip which
contains information about an island that
proves hers and walter's code is in the game
just as guy mentions that he has seen the island
before the game is rebooted which causes guy to go
back to before he became self-aware millie is able
to log back on but guy doesn't remember who she is
she asks walter for help and he tells her that
the character he made that guy is based off of
is a love worn non-player character who is always
searching for his dream girl and he just needs
something to help trigger the code millie as
molotov girl goes to guy's workplace forces
him out and kisses him and it brings back all
his memories including where you saw the island
the image of it is reflected off the blinds in
his apartment and with that info walter figures
that the island is just beyond the city's horizon
guy and Millie then round up all the non-player
characters in free city to inspire them to migrate
to the island and follow their own choices instead
of what they were coded to do with all the
non-player characters gone the players in the
city are left confused and when soon catches wind
of molotov girl and learns that millie is involved
he orders mouser to delete her and guy
for good mouser starts to manipulate
the game's environment to close in on them
as guy tries driving them outside the city
players all over the world are tuned in to watch
the saga unfold walter intervenes and helps create
a ramp to escape the destruction they make it to
the beach walter helps create a bridge for them
but molotov girl starts to get deleted
antwan then has his employees launch dude
a bigger stronger dumber version of god that isn't
fully finished but is antwan's last ditch effort
to get rid of god but he arrives to help but get
knocked out while guy gets tossed around and gets
smacked down by dude guy gets his fallen glasses
and is able to conjure up captain america's shield
which surprises chris evans watching in a cafe
and a hulk fist punch as well as a lightsaber he
also toss him to a distance guy tries to teleport
but gets attacked back to the previous position
however dude nearly overpowers guy until buddy
gets the sunglasses and throws him a guy who
is able to put the glasses on dude who now sees
the world as god does guy and buddy start running
toward the island at which point antwan starts
to lose it and takes mauser to the server room
where he now plans to completely erase free city
mouser stops helping antwan due to his loyalty to
walter so antwan begins smashing everything with
an axe causing the city environment to be deleted
the bridge is being deleted too and buddy seems
he cannot make it far he tells guy that he has had
the best day of his life thanks to him until he is
also deleted guy runs fast enough until he finally
breaks through the barrier and makes it to the
island which is then revealed to the non-player
characters and the players in the real world milli
makes it to the almost totally destroyed server
room and makes a deal with antwan when to let
her have the code to the game while he can keep
the free city name for sequels and spin-offs soon
free city 2 launches to abysmal sales and antwan
starts to face heavy scrutiny at work and in the
media millie walter and mauser develop free life
making the game they always wanted to make
with more expansive environments and details
now being more dedicated to the game millie must
break up with guy but he completely understands
and parts amicably with her millie then watches
a video playback of walter describing that guy's
character was always going to fall in love with
molotov girl because he created the algorithm for
his attraction to her based on walter own love for
millie she realizes this and goes to catch him in
town where they share a kiss back in the game guy
and dude have become friends but guy misses buddy
it turns out buddy was brought back to life
in the game and the two best friends reunite
but he asked if they should return to
work but guy says that they can now go
wherever they want and do whatever they want
thanks for watching please don't forget to
subscribe and turn on the notification bell
to get noticed when a new video is uploaded